# Personalized-Artifiacal-Intelligence
AI personal assistants are also easy to create. Gone are the days where you need coding knowledge to create a chatbot. Thanks to platforms like Chattypeople, you can create an artificial intelligence personal assistant to help you, your employees, and even your customers, without any programming knowledge whatsoever.  The most innovative AI personal assistants feature voice-activated technology, which allows users to interact with the chatbot through voice input. Voice-activated chatbots provide a smoother and almost frictionless user experience.  Unfortunately, building a voice-activated chatbot is not as easy as building an AI personal assistant that operates based on text input. Although you can implement the same technology used on Amazon's Alexa, building voice-activated assistants require extensive coding knowledge.  Aside from building platforms, creating a personal assistant is not always an easy task. Remember that your AI chatbot will be a representative of your brand, so you want to fine tune it as much as possible before allowing it to interact with your team members or your audience. You should also optimize your personal assistant in order to increase its performance and the end user's experience.  To help you on your quest to building an efficient chatbot, I've put together an article that will explain the benefits of having an AI personal assistant, how to build one for your business, and which features to include.  Why Opt for an Artificial Intelligence Personal Assistant? Implementing an AI personal assistant can have a rejuvenating effect on your company, regardless of its size. It can help you by automating your internal processes, allowing you to stay synchronized with your other team members. It can also provide information to your employees when they most need it.  Intelligent personal assistants do much more than simply provide individualized help to your employees. Companies are starting to use internal facing chatbots to completely revamp their internal structures, and these new personal assistants have been dubbed as enterprise chatbots.  These AI-powered virtual assistants can carry out complicated tasks, such as reviewing and filtering emails, setting appointments based on an employee's schedule or availability, answering questions relating to internal processes and HR, as well as helping your team members apply for time off, among other things.  Artificial intelligence assistants can also help your audiences by providing a customer care channel they can manage independently. Instead of contacting one of your team members via phone or text, users can simply reach out to your personal assistant to receive help.
